Add Linting for MD files (#46)
hashintel/hash: resources/docs/simulation/tutorials/extending-an-epidemic-model/README.md

In this tutorial we're going to augment one of our existing epidemiological simulations and add a hospital. Along the way you'll learn key features of hCore and how to use agent based modeling to simulate and answer complex questions.

> Start by opening our base template in either [JavaScript](/@hash/getting-started-base) or [Python](/@hash/getting-started-base-python) and copying it into your hDrive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start by opening our base template in either [JavaScript](/@hash/getting-started-base) or [Python](/@hash/getting-started-base-python) and forking it into your namespace.
```

hDrive has been deprecated. This shouldn't still be in the docs.
